Logistics is critical in the supply chain process
at the facility.
Each section of the logistics department
performs a role that impacts the customer.
So how does each section of logistics
impact customer service?
Let's start with the warehouse.
We know that this is where equipment
and supplies are processed and transferred
to the requesting user from the supplier.
Some of the work that happens in this process
includes receiving reports, inspecting,
and initiating the payment process.
How does the warehouse play a part
in customer service?
The warehouse is the first line of defense
against anything that can go wrong
in the patient care arena with supply chain.